README.md, before:

# 04 Web APIs: Code Quiz

## Challenge

An interactive coding challenge has been created which includes multiple-choice questions, to demonstrate the journey to become a full stack developer. 

This coding challenge invites the user to a timed coding quiz, which runs in the browser and features dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code. It is a clean and polished, responsive user interface that adapts to multiple screen sizes. 

## Deployed Website

[Link to website] https://bmevada.github.io/Week4-Web-API/index.html

[Link to Github] https://github.com/bmevada/Week4-Web-API.git

Overall, the code is clean, polished, and responsive user interface.

## User Story

AS A coding boot camp student

I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores

SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers

## Acceptance Criteria


GIVEN that the user is presented with 'The Coding Challenge Quiz'. The user is presented with rules of the quiz and is able to view the high scores prior to starting the quiz.

<img src= './images/main-screen.png'>

WHEN the user clicks on the start button

THEN the timer starts and presented with a question and a choice of answers

<img src= './images/start-question-timer.png'>

WHEN the user answers a question correctly, feedback is provided for 3 seconds stating that thhe choice they have made is correct

THEN the user will presented with another question from the question bank

<img src= './images/correct-answer.png'>

WHEN the user answers a question incorrectly, feedback is provided for 3 seconds stating the choice they have made is wrong

THEN time is subtracted from the clock

<img src= './images/incorrect-answer.png'>

WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0

THEN the game is over

<img src='./images/end-screen-timer.png'>

WHEN the game is over

THEN the user can save their name and save their score

WHEN the user clicks on submit

THEN the user is presented with all scores to guage their progress compared to their peers. This is presented to them in descending order of the scores

THEN the user is given an option to click "Go Back" to rest the quiz and starting over or "Clear Highscores"

<img src= './images/highscore.png'>

ALL high scores submitted are stored in the local storage, so that once the user/s complete the quiz they are able to compare their progress and review their ranking. 

<img src= './images/local-storage-highscore.png'>

Commit message:

read me file updated - comment on the usage of three js files

README.md, after:

# 04 Web APIs: Code Quiz

## Challenge

An interactive coding challenge has been created which includes multiple-choice questions, to demonstrate the journey to become a full stack developer. 

This coding challenge invites the user to a timed coding quiz, which runs in the browser and features dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code. It is a clean and polished, responsive user interface that adapts to multiple screen sizes. 

## Deployed Website

[Link to website] https://bmevada.github.io/Week4-Web-API/index.html

[Link to Github] https://github.com/bmevada/Week4-Web-API.git


The JavaScript structure is broken down into three elements: logic; data; and graphic, to allow the codes to be more visual to the reader when inspecting the code.

The three elements are broken down as follows:
1. The logic.js provides the function to start the quiz, i.e. this is a tigger event for the user clickable event as they progress through the quiz; 

2. The data - questions.js which includes question array - string of questions, choice and answers; and 

3. The graphic element, i.e. highscores, the outcome at the end of the quiz. 

Overall, the code is clean, polished, and responsive user interface.

## User Story

AS A coding boot camp student

I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores

SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers

## Acceptance Criteria


GIVEN that the user is presented with 'The Coding Challenge Quiz'. The user is presented with rules of the quiz and is able to view the high scores prior to starting the quiz.

<img src= './images/main-screen.png'>

WHEN the user clicks on the start button

THEN the timer starts and presented with a question and a choice of answers

<img src= './images/start-question-timer.png'>

WHEN the user answers a question correctly, feedback is provided for 3 seconds stating that thhe choice they have made is correct

THEN the user will presented with another question from the question bank

<img src= './images/correct-answer.png'>

WHEN the user answers a question incorrectly, feedback is provided for 3 seconds stating the choice they have made is wrong

THEN time is subtracted from the clock

<img src= './images/incorrect-answer.png'>

WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0

THEN the game is over

<img src='./images/end-screen-timer.png'>

WHEN the game is over

THEN the user can save their name and save their score

WHEN the user clicks on submit

THEN the user is presented with all scores to guage their progress compared to their peers. This is presented to them in descending order of the scores

THEN the user is given an option to click "Go Back" to rest the quiz and starting over or "Clear Highscores"

<img src= './images/highscore.png'>

ALL high scores submitted are stored in the local storage, so that once the user/s complete the quiz they are able to compare their progress and review their ranking. 

<img src= './images/local-storage-highscore.png'>
